Document pre-commit access to ansible community bundle (#3856)
ansible/ansible-lint: docs/configuring.md

## Pre-commit setup

To use Ansible-lint with [pre-commit] tool, add the following to the
`.pre-commit-config.yaml` file in your local repository.

> Do not confuse [pre-commit] tool with git hook feature with the same name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not confuse the [pre-commit] tool with the git hook feature that has the same name.
```

> While [pre-commit] tool can also make use of git hooks, it does not require

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While [pre-commit] can also make use of git hooks, it does not require
```

Reviewer: In the first few instances it's probably better to say "the [pre-commit] tool" and then just "[pre-commit]" in subsequent mentions.

them and it does not install them by default.

> [pre-commit.ci] is an online hosted service that can run pre-commit for you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[pre-commit.ci] is a hosted service that can run pre-commit for you
```

on each change but you can also run the tool yourself using the CI of your choice.

Change **rev:** to either a commit sha or tag of Ansible-lint that contains
`.pre-commit-hooks.yaml`.

```yaml
---
ci:
  # This section is specific to pre-commit.ci, telling it to create a pull request

>   # to update linter version tag every month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # to update the linter version tag every month.
```

  autoupdate_schedule: monthly

>   # If you have other ansible collection dependencies (requirements.yml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # If you have other Ansible collection dependencies (requirements.yml)
```

  # `pre-commit.ci` will not be able to install them because it runs in offline mode,
  # and you will need to tell it to skip the hook.
  # skip:
  #   - ansible-lint
repos:
- repo: https://github.com/ansible/ansible-lint
  rev: ... # put latest release tag from https://github.com/ansible/ansible-lint/releases/
  hooks:
    - id: ansible-lint

>       # Uncomment if you need the full ansible community bundle instead of ansible-core:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # Uncomment if you need the full Ansible community bundle instead of ansible-core:
```

>       # Uncomment if you need the full ansible community bundle instead just ansible-core:

Reviewer 2: `instead just ansible-core` should be `instead of just ansible-core`

      # additional_dependencies:
      #   - ansible
```

!!! warning

>     [pre-commit] is always using python virtual environments. If you happen to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [pre-commit] always uses python virtual environments. If you happen to
```

>     use [ansible community bundle] instead of just [ansible-core] you might be surprised

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    use the [Ansible package] instead of just [ansible-core] you might be surprised
```

    to see that pre-commit is not able to find these collections, even if

>     your local ansible does. This is because they are installed inside a location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    your local Ansible does. This is because they are installed inside a location
```
